Prepared by Fatih Tepe April 10, 2021.


Forking a project!

# Most of the time, people fork projects to propose 
	changes to someone else’s project.

1. Find the repository you want to fork on GitHub on right corner, Click Fork
2. Then choose your github account now it is your repository
3. Copy the url from your account 
2. Open Terminal cd where you want to clone
3. git clone https://github.com/fatihtepe/python.git
4. cd (directory which you cloned/forked)
5. ls (to see files in directory)
7. git remote -v (see where you are)
6. git branch (see what branch/es you have)
7. git checkout -b newbranch (create and switch newbranch)
8. git status (you are on new branch and nothing to commit)
9. ls (to see files in directory(same files in main branch))
10. vim file (choose a file to make some changes)
11. git status
12. git add . (to stage changes dot for all files or you can write the file name)
13. git status (changes ready for committing)
14. git commit - m 'message' (commit file/s)
15  git status (working tree clean)
16. git remote -v (you will see your GitHub account we are still here)
17. git remote add upstream git@github.com:TylerCounter/python.git (this url is forked url not ours
	here we are checking to see wether any changes or not on the forked repo..remember normally we
	used 'git remote add origin' here this is others repo so we use upstream not origin here)			
18. git remote -v (now you will see origin repo address and upstream(forked) url here "verify the new 
	repository you've specified for your fork)
19. git pull upstream main (same here not origin we use upstream to see any changes)
20. git push -u origin newbranch 
21. open your GitHub account you will see there "compare & pull request" green lighted click it.
22. The pull request page is opened and you will see "Create pul request" green lighted write your
	request what you did to the owner of upstream repo) click it
23. Now my request was created. It will be checked by owner of upstream repo.






